README.md, before:

DP Recipe API
=============

### Getting started

This repo contains 2 executables - the recipe API and a recipe checker app.
The recipe API can be run by running `make debug` and the recipe checker can be
run by running `make checker` (but has some prerequisites, documented below).

### Healthcheck

The endpoint `/health` checks the connection to the database and returns
one of:

* success (200, JSON "status": "OK")
* failure (500, JSON "status": "error").

### Recipe API

#### Configuration

| Environment variable         | Default                                | Description
| ---------------------------- | ---------------------------------------| -----------
| BIND_ADDR                    | :22300                                 | The host and port to bind to
| MONGODB_BIND_ADDR            | localhost:27017                        | The MongoDB bind address
| MONGODB_DATABASE             | recipes                                | The MongoDB dataset database
| MONGODB_COLLECTION           | recipes                                | MongoDB collection
| GRACEFUL_SHUTDOWN_TIMEOUT    | 5s                                     | The graceful shutdown timeout in seconds
| HEALTHCHECK_INTERVAL         | 30s                                    | The time between calling healthcheck endpoints for check subsystems
| HEALTHCHECK_CRITICAL_TIMEOUT | 90s                                    | The time taken for the health changes from warning state to critical due to subsystem check failures
| ENABLE_MONGO_DATA            | false                                  | Enable/disable connection to mongo to retrieve recipes
| ENABLE_MONGO_IMPORT          | false                                  | Enable/disable importing or updating recipes into mongo

### Recipe Checker

#### Configuration

| Command line flag    | Default                                   | Description
| -------------------- | ----------------------------------------- | -----------
| bind                 | :2222                                     | The host and port to bind to
| dev                  | ""                                        | The host for the develop environment
| beta                 | ""                                        | The host for the production environment

Using the [Makefile](Makefile) target `make checker` the environment flags will not be set by default.
The Makefile reads these flags from local environment variables to prevent internal hostnames
being committed. The environment variables you will need to set are:

`export $CMD_DEV_API_HOST=<cmd-dev host>`
`export $CMD_API_HOST=<cmd host>`

### Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

### License

Copyright © 2016-2020, Office for National Statistics (https://www.ons.gov.uk)

Released under MIT license, see [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) for details.

Commit message:

Update README file for new feature flag

README.md, after:

DP Recipe API
=============

### Getting started

This repo contains 2 executables - the recipe API and a recipe checker app.
The recipe API can be run by running `make debug` and the recipe checker can be
run by running `make checker` (but has some prerequisites, documented below).

### Healthcheck

The endpoint `/health` checks the connection to the database and returns
one of:

* success (200, JSON "status": "OK")
* failure (500, JSON "status": "error").

### Recipe API

#### Configuration

| Environment variable         | Default                                | Description
| ---------------------------- | ---------------------------------------| -----------
| BIND_ADDR                    | :22300                                 | The host and port to bind to
| MONGODB_BIND_ADDR            | localhost:27017                        | The MongoDB bind address
| MONGODB_DATABASE             | recipes                                | The MongoDB dataset database
| MONGODB_COLLECTION           | recipes                                | MongoDB collection
| GRACEFUL_SHUTDOWN_TIMEOUT    | 5s                                     | The graceful shutdown timeout in seconds
| HEALTHCHECK_INTERVAL         | 30s                                    | The time between calling healthcheck endpoints for check subsystems
| HEALTHCHECK_CRITICAL_TIMEOUT | 90s                                    | The time taken for the health changes from warning state to critical due to subsystem check failures
| ENABLE_MONGO_DATA            | false                                  | Enable/disable connection to mongo to retrieve recipes
| ENABLE_MONGO_IMPORT          | false                                  | Enable/disable transfer of all recipes from flat file to mongo
| ENABLE_AUTH_IMPORT           | false                                  | Enable/disable importing or updating recipes into mongo depending on when authorisation is added

### Recipe Checker

#### Configuration

| Command line flag    | Default                                   | Description
| -------------------- | ----------------------------------------- | -----------
| bind                 | :2222                                     | The host and port to bind to
| dev                  | ""                                        | The host for the develop environment
| beta                 | ""                                        | The host for the production environment

Using the [Makefile](Makefile) target `make checker` the environment flags will not be set by default.
The Makefile reads these flags from local environment variables to prevent internal hostnames
being committed. The environment variables you will need to set are:

`export $CMD_DEV_API_HOST=<cmd-dev host>`
`export $CMD_API_HOST=<cmd host>`

### Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

### License

Copyright © 2016-2020, Office for National Statistics (https://www.ons.gov.uk)

Released under MIT license, see [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) for details.
